README.md, before:

# isocronut

For a given geospatial location, calculate an [isochrone (same time) contour](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isochrone_map) around it. Any point on an x-minute isochrone contour should take a total of x minutes of travel to reach from the origin. Any point within an x-minute contour should be reachable in fewer than x minutes.

### Use

```python
import isocronut

origin = '111 W Washington, Chicago'
duration = 10

isochrone = isocronut.get_isochrone(origin, duration)
```

### Parameters

__origin__ : Google Maps parseable origination address (str) or [lat, lng] 2-list ([scalar, scalar])

__duration__ : Number of minutes (scalar) for the isochrone contour

__number_of_angles__ : Number of points defining the isochrone (int) -- think of it as a resolution, default: 12

__tolerance__ : Number of minutes (scalar) that a test point can be away from __duration__ to be considered acceptable, default: 0.1

__access_type__ : Either 'personal' or 'business' (str), specifying if you are using a personal or business API access for Google Maps, default: 'personal'

  * If 'personal', you won't have access to traffic conditions. The format of the 'google_maps.cfg' config file must be (e.g. if your api_number were 1234567890, you would replace \<your api number\> below with 1234567890):

```
[api]
api_number=<your api number>
```

  * If 'business', you will be able to use current traffic conditions, which will tighten your contour distance. The format of the 'google_maps.cfg' config file must be:

```
[api]
client_id=<your client id>
crypto_key=<your crypto key>
```

__config_path__ : Path location (str) of the 'google_maps.cfg' file, default 'config/'

### Returns

Isochrone contour as a list of [lat, lng] 2-lists -- [[lat1, lng1], [lat2, lng2], ..., [latn, lngn]] where n = number_of_angles.

### Dependencies

This module makes use of the following Python modules that you must have installed.

* hashlib
* hmac
* base64
* urlparse
* ConfigParser
* simplejson
* urllib2
* time
* datetime
* math

Commit message:

Updated readme to explain the generate_isochrone_map function

README.md, after:

# isocronut

For a given geospatial location, calculate an [isochrone (same time) contour](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isochrone_map) around it. Any point on an x-minute isochrone contour should take a total of x minutes of travel to reach from the origin. Any point within an x-minute contour should be reachable in fewer than x minutes.

### Use

```python
import isocronut

origin = '111 W Washington, Chicago'
duration = 10

isochrone = isocronut.get_isochrone(origin, duration)
```

or generate your own html file with an embedded Google Maps with isochrone (which will be written to isochrone.html in the current directory):

```python
import isocronut

origin = '111 W Washington, Chicago'
duration = 10

isochrone = isocronut.generate_isochrone_map(origin, duration)
```

### Parameters

__origin__ : Google Maps parseable origination address (str) or [lat, lng] 2-list ([scalar, scalar])

__duration__ : Number of minutes (scalar) for the isochrone contour

__number_of_angles__ : Number of points defining the isochrone (int) -- think of it as a resolution, default: 12

__tolerance__ : Number of minutes (scalar) that a test point can be away from __duration__ to be considered acceptable, default: 0.1

__access_type__ : Either 'personal' or 'business' (str), specifying if you are using a personal or business API access for Google Maps, default: 'personal'

  * If 'personal', you won't have access to traffic conditions. The format of the 'google_maps.cfg' config file must be (e.g. if your api_number were 1234567890, you would replace \<your api number\> below with 1234567890):

```
[api]
api_number=<your api number>
```

  * If 'business', you will be able to use current traffic conditions, which will tighten your contour distance. The format of the 'google_maps.cfg' config file must be:

```
[api]
client_id=<your client id>
crypto_key=<your crypto key>
```

__config_path__ : Path location (str) of the 'google_maps.cfg' file, default 'config/'

### Returns

Isochrone contour as a list of [lat, lng] 2-lists -- [[lat1, lng1], [lat2, lng2], ..., [latn, lngn]] where n = number_of_angles.

### Dependencies

This module makes use of the following Python modules that you must have installed.

* hashlib
* hmac
* base64
* urlparse
* ConfigParser
* simplejson
* urllib2
* time
* datetime
* math
